As salaamu alaikum Ummah/Family,
I'm asking all of you to please support me in this movement.

A MODERN DAY (Hijrah) TIME HAS DICTATED AND DETERMINED FREEDOM, JUSTICE & EQUALITY
The Perfect Time To Build Our Own Economic System 
Let's make this movement vital. 

1.) Why celebrate the murder of innocent people of color, and then, call it Black History month?
2.) Do you believe that people of color would be better off here in America governing themselves?
3.) Do you believe that the people of Color are systematically oppressed?

Active Revolutionist from Chicago, by way of New Jersey, Atlanta, Birmingham, and now NOLA; dedicating his life to establish a truly independent economic system for the poor and oppressed peoples of America first. Fighting for those faces you see and don't see on the websites: 
www.thearkprojectllc.com www.thebeepinc.com www.beepblackwallstreetbooks.com www.cannabisalisticthc.com

(Podcast): www.spreaker.com/user/16458796
(WhatsApp): https://wa.me/message/JTOS2LDQNU27E1
(Our Survey): www.thearkprojectllc.survey.fm/systematic-oppression

I'm Muslim, I'm Black and I'm American so I guess I have three strikes against me LOL. I'm here reaching out to those concerned about the great divides that no-one wants to address and I'm here to address them head-on (Social Injustice, Islamophobia, Systematic Oppression, etc...). 

I'm the author of these books: 
"Oh, Say Can You See!?" (Secrets) & Truth Is In The Art which shows how passionate I am about what was done and what continues to be done and ignored.

The best book against Systematic Oppression along with an excellent book of poetry intertwined with historical documents that will make you think twice about what's going on (wrong) in the World.

Our Mission, Active Revolutionist, Comparative Religion, Freedom of Speech, The Real Black Voice, Black Lives Matter, Pain Joy Pain, Muslim and Black in America, Oh, Say Can You See Secrets, Truth is in the Art, Willie Lynch, Systematic Oppression, Social Injustice, Islamophobia, Civil Rights, Human Rights, Standing against hate, Black Economic Empowerment Plan, Systemic Oppression of Black, Social Injustice in America, Best Social Injustice Books, Willie Lynch and the Bible.

Please Support Us & Then Watch What Happens.
